[workers] Update changelog.md (#3088)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/platform/changelog.md

# Changelog

## 12/22/2021

- Async iteration (using `for` and `await`) on instances of `ReadableStream` is now available.

## 12/10/2021

- Raised the max value size in Durable Object storage from 32 KiB to 128 KiB.
- `AbortSignal.timeout(delay)` returns an `AbortSignal` that will be triggered after the given number of milliseconds.

> - Preview implementations of the new `ReadableStream` and new `WritableStream` constructors are available behind the `streams_enable_constructors` feature flag.

Reviewer: @jasnell Is there any particular spot you think we should link here for documentation or announcements about this?

- `crypto.DigestStream` is a non-standard extension to the crypto API that supports generating a hash digest from streaming data. The `DigestStream` itself is a `WritableStream` that does not retain the data written into it; instead, it generates a digest hash automatically when the flow of data has ended. The same hash algorithms supported by `crypto.subtle.digest()` are supported by the `crypto.DigestStream`.

> - The `scheduler.wait()` API provides an `await`-able alternative to `setTimeout()`.

Reviewer: This is neat! @cloudflare/developer-advocacy anyone want to document this?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added early support for the `scheduler.wait()` API, which is [going through the WICG standardization process](https://github.com/WICG/scheduling-apis), to   provide an `await`-able alternative to `setTimeout()`.
```
